[Applause]
[Music]
hi
[Applause]
certainly the bookmakers think so
they have Brazil as hot favourites to
win this game let's check on the
Brazilian side now there is only one
change Taffarel from Internacional in
goal than Georgie no of buyer later
Kuzon
Ricardo Gomez of Benfica branco of FC
Porto Ricardo Rocha keeps his place the
South Paulo player Melo gavel the bata
Fargo sweeper Dunga of Fiorentina alemão
of Napoli Valdo of Benfica Careca also
of Napoli and Muller back in the side of
Torino in Italy and let's are only the
39 year old coach headline in one of the
papers today is Careca control Maradona
the to Napoli teammates in direct
opposition today good friends as well
but they won't be for 90 minutes this
afternoon here's the Argentine side
Gorka cheer in goal moms on the
improving defender Rouge re of Real
Madrid who comes in because of the
suspension of saris whele see more the
sweeper does Waldo the Stuttgart
midfield player bruce chaga who scored
the winning goal in the World Cup final
four years ago Maradona of course
wearing number 10 nice T in for the
first time today wearing number 14 in
place of Batista o Latakia who plays
down the left side trollee Oh number 21
scored against the Soviet Union and
kinesia the darting blond-haired striker
Carlos Bilardo is the coach of Argentina
so those are the two sides for you and a
really tremendous atmosphere although
even the Brazilian fans for just a
moment have gone a little quiet there's
a little apprehension they probably
would have wanted this match if it had
to happen to come up a little later the
72nd meeting down the years between
Brazil and Argentina
two biggest names in South American
football attacking from left to right on
this very very hard day these two teams
have met more over the years than any
other South American teams this is the
72nd meeting and as you might imagine it
very very even between the two Brazil at
127 Argentina 28 16 of them have been
drawn the foul al article chair as we
see the Brazilian bench and take a quick
look at their substitutes
[Music]
the stadium for the first time and finds
Commedia
dispossessed well by George in Europe
takes over a useful little ball upfront
tubular suddenly Careca breaks into
what a sensational star
denied by Greek a chair in the opening
minute of this quarter-final a dramatic
start for Brazil Careca rounding seaman
who tried his best to stop him it
legally he cut inside the second
defender and Quaker chair
just got a foot to the ball seemed on
injured himself in trying to stop Kaka
and the Brazilian supporters ecstatic
already Ming comes the corner
dangerously to Ward's correct on the
near post just kept in play on the far
side or was it no the referee as signal
to throw it's Brazil's throw though
Franco to take it looking again for
corrector in the center will turn back
in a tremendous
a very very positive start indeed by the
Brazilians to good efforts aren't all
close to target that one looks way off
from behind the goal in the opening two
minutes
[Music]
no wonder Bilardo the coach of argentina
is anxious about the start Brazil of
made and he looks as though he's trying
to reorganize things tactically at
Robert a lake stage I would have thought
[Applause]
so that will really set argentina back
on their heels that start is alemão
again my Celebi a little born as well
are we are when they're going to see the
best of Brazil
the competition has reached the knockout
stage they started a little bit slowly
played impressively against sweep not so
good against Costa Rica and then
Scotland they've won another free kick
here as animal is forced to leave the
pitch to make sure his stockings are all
tied and neat that's one of the
particular rulings that FIFA of tow
referees to observe in this World Cup
and not allow in possession again
fermez on the left
although
of Careca and miller forward and he's
looking familiar inside the penalty area
brought down the ball that is not the
player and
that doesn't even get a corner kick out
of it to his dismay
Boyka chair suddenly dramatically
introduced in the match against the USSR
and computer broke his leg really
earning his keep with that early save
from Careca
Virginia pops it out of play
for the throw into Argentina have not
really got started yet as an attacking
force you could argue that they haven't
really got started in any of their
previous three games in that sense
they've been disappointing so far clumsy
and crude foul by Giusti now well though
really positive start this by Brazil
running with the ball at every
opportunity
looking very direct indeed
afraid to shoot no matter what the
difficulty of the distance or angle that
is to effort so far have been one-off
target
good comeback virtually from the byline
now second shot ends up here is first
the Brazilian supporters really behind
their team now I feel they've made a
marvelous start here as Virginia wins it
back again for Brazil another good
rather shining
this is the most positive start I've
seen any team make so far it's been
one-way traffic on the Argentine goal if
anything the Brazilians a little
overeager at the start because three of
their shots now have been miles off
target French referee Joelle could you
Miller was the man with that latest
effort but that's four opportunities now
if you ought to call the map that Brazil
have had already with just a few minutes
gone if they continue to attack at this
rate Argentina won't know what's hit
them Alomar wins it again in midfield as
well a good little turn by Dunga and he
was fouled Argentine are also conceding
a lot of free kicks early on here
[Music]
Maradona was barely had a kid yet
Georgia node sends it back to Ricardo
Rocca my old gal Val a sweeper
they'll miss out on the left along ball
ain't that Miller and he found him
beautifully and onto corrector that was
unlucky offside offside alone counters
George in yo made the cross
[Music]
this is troll yo for Argentina
See Mom
[Music]
Argentina quite happy to try and slow
the pace down now as Taleo is
dispossessed Millar playing it forward
finding Karaka they look so lively here
George in yo
LaRose gone for the cross Valdo beyond
him headed away by paws waldo kept him
play well on that far side thro Leo gets
it clear this time Caniggia now Maradona
taking over great news all around the
stadium
can get possession but that's the use
for looking ball the need you in the
middle here as well I have to turn full
circle to keep possession Maradona
having a shirt tugged and foul
an interesting they these statistics
produced by FIFA say that man O'Conner
is the most fouled player so far in this
world cup that makes it 29 free kicks
that have gone his way for fouls against
him everybody knows how dangerous he is
Giusti and Maradona over the ball
[Applause]
Donna knocking it towards goal and Valdo
showed beautiful skill oh yes great play
[Applause]
Buller and correct forward for him this
is cracker and they linked so
beautifully but this time the final ball
wasn't good enough and a neat
interception biological chair but
Argentina's still penned in their own
half here good tackle by buzz Waldo and
he was brought down clearly a free kick
[Music]
as well though injured
this is how
Franko's challenge
[Music]
eugen team they're taking the free-kick
quickly while you're in possession put a
charger turning it back man Adama
[Music]
alemão
Brazil having to for the first time in
the match play the ball between their
defenders
finds a gap forward though don't get
takes over in midfield
[Music]
his control wasn't good enough
interception by mines on
[Music]
Giusti
probably oh let it run on the match good
play what a good challenge our referee
hasn't seen it that way
I think you can see from the early
tackling here that there's an
undercurrent of bitterness between these
two teams Maradona the victim again
thank the referee as I thought he might
gave the free kick for the first
challenge not the second one fouled over
for Brazil
he's made room nicely for the shot here
and to lay it off to alemão back it goes
towards wow that was he brought down the
referee says play on good strong running
by the Benfica player vital man in this
Brazilian midfield
you'll nail it ever minutes gone but a
very very good start by Brazil but a
charger was a bit lucky then or maybe he
won't be so lucky were in possession
looking for corrected in the middle
and it was a saving challenge my mum's
on the prevented Argentina from further
embarrassment
the Brazilians just loved the way their
team have really thrown the gauntlet
down to Brazil here in the opening
stages so mall I will take up his
position with kekaa
Ricardo Rocca coming forward as well any
one of three Brazilian players might
have got a touch on the ball Ricardo
Rocca Careca was in there as well as it
flew from the near post to the far post
and nobody was able to get the touch
dangerous corner really driven inflict
on from the near post Argentine living
dangerously again
[Music]
panco up well but the ball dropped
luckily for Argentina trolley Oh forward
looking for pure chaga intercepted by
Ricardo Rocca and on it goes again the
vow though on the left oh well played
he looks really dangerous Franco outside
him alemão unmarked in the middle but
he's controlling him down
and that's unusual y'all bow out to
Branco on the left again he looks
familiar inside the penalty area the
header clear by Ruggieri
folio takes over for a char gap for
argentina a lartique achaya
[Music]
some furious challenges going on there
in the middle of the field and it's
Brazil who break away with the ball
Careca Muller in support
and this has the promise of being a
cracking match now it started at a
fantastic phase here
totally dictated by Brazil as well
though with a long ball forward trying
to use Caniggia space and ability Gomez
comes across to cover for a charger in
support back it goes to buzzer although
he took too long an Argentina lose
possession then get it straight back
again
Giusti Oswaldo good little ball for
burruchaga alemão denied in the room now
that was brought down surely
[Music]
and the tackle from behind a lethal
weapon Virginia
Ricardo raka gomez Franco outside him in
the left back position
[Music]
referee hasn't given a free-kick but he
has now for the second challenge
the tough brew Giri not happy the Real
Madrid defender but don't green
possessions suddenly for Brazil smokey
ball didn't really look where he was
playing it
[Music]
good skill by Maradona in the center
surfer but he couldn't hold on to
possession nor could Waldo who's now
switched from left to right Maradona in
possession of that a lot before the BG's
outside
too late
that was set
of the correctness of his decision and
Claudio Caniggia who plays his football
here in Italy with ativan that has got
tremendous pace and if they can release
him in positions like that and he can
stay on the side he's a real threat
don't care for Brazil Ricky Ricardo
Rocket
[Music]
was that a foul on mullet that was
referee asset play on they're still in
possession alemão George in yo
definite foul
a painful one at that
akiko chair was the guilty play out
giorgio himself will take the kick
[Applause]
offside they caught all of them offside
there must have been three if not four
Brazilians who fell into the trap
[Music]
Argentina have settled a little after a
very nervous opening hello really that's
not playing full credit to Brazil who
really went at them here's burruchaga
it's still nil no Anita did well
at no support though Branca wins it back
for Brazil the teachers had to go back
and cover now valdore
linking down the left and that's a
corner good play again by the Brazilians
they look so sharp and incisive seen on
the sweeper having to concede the corner
King
[Music]
Ricardo Gomez has gone forward here but
like a chair stretched and that took the
ball and it was as well he did because
Cal Val and Gomez were both in a
threatening position
illogical chair roll yo Maradona put a
charger oh dear bad ball by him and he's
giving it away to Careca and was lots of
support Franco moving swiftly down the
left all it need he was a good trust
they get away with that
and again Argentina so lucky Duda was
the player who finally got the head
average smacked against the woodwork
lovely cross from the left by Bronco
clearing the first player Careca and
doctor's header right against the post
another corner goeco chair has to face
more of this pressure from Brazil
[Applause]
vanko's kick looks very dangerous and
again Argentina can breathe as the ball
traveled off the Brazilian head for a
corner for a goal kick rather but the
pressure on Argentina at the moment is
unrelenting
Ranko beaten by canoes header Ricardo
Gomez behind able to rob a hopeful
through ball but C Mon was very very
cool control yoke Monica chair with him
but it's a game Brazil who win it back
with Baldo now the rocker playing it
forward to Valdo now George in yo Tonga
finding Ricardo rocker from to correct a
little they didn't quite
correct combining so sweetly now
Argentina looking dangerous it could
have been the kind of pool that boswell
dough would have wanted to release
Caniggia but it wasn't quite good enough
good play by alemão meantime tremendous
break here he pulled it back into
exactly the wrong place he had a player
on the near post one on the far post and
he pulled it back to the edge of the
penalty area but what a run by him to
get into that position Bronco Maradona
disgusted for some reason
[Applause]
and as ever the Brazilians not only the
light is on the field but in the
Stantons as well
[Music]
[Applause]
Brazil have waited 20 years for another
World Cup win in the last victory in
Mexico in 1970 their third victory in
all that was I wonder if we're just
beginning to see the flowering of this
particular Brazilian team unimpressive
really in the first stages or
inconsistent anyway but if they can play
as positively as they've started here
then they're a threat - or Italy West
Germany and anybody else's particular
favorites
remember the way Italy started
unimpressive ly in the opening stages in
the 1982 World Cup got better and better
and of course went on to win the trophy
how the knockout element and bring out
the best in some teams well as the
league table style that we begin with in
World Cups these days doesn't
necessarily suit their plane or
mentality
so the wave sweeps around the stadium as
Brazil's sweep forward again and a
lovely little layoff - - a Jinyu on the
right Lula and corrector in the box but
a good ball as well
keka just couldn't find the room to turn
and get in a telling shop and go a chair
look very nervy then sloppy handling and
that's a foul surely
free-kicks been given
Branko my illogical chair
[Applause]
Virginia will take the pre-kick Careca
weights and again not the best free-kick
an allow
you'll fancy a shot from here oh it
struck the Argentine defender they get C
Mon he's just about struggled to his
feet
[Music]
moms on in fact mother beaten by C Mon
can eager in possession
and wins it back off George in yo Aled
honor has been very very quiet in the
opening stages here draulio brought down
free-kick to Argentina just about midway
through the first half inch are in it's
still nil nil but Brazil have looked by
far the better of the two teams
[Music]
but charg are playing it forward not a
good ball at all Taffarel is not how to
say to make yen in the Brazilian goal
and he's barely even had a back pasture
field
[Music]
Ricardo Ricardo del Valle
Branko out on the left
wrong ball from bullet read by Monzon
and Brazil have another free kick don't
get in possession looking for valid on
the left and finding him with a very
useful ball or was danger when he's in
possession and the cross just deflected
away from the intended target of more
lovely play by Ricardo Rocca just waited
for the ball to drop and kitted Caniggia
into going for it
[Music]
Ricardo Gomez in possession arrow gal
vowel has a definite foul
on m'lip
quite certain my mum's honest looking so
surprised
[Music]
so change of boots for Maradona as the
game continues mongers free kick not a
good one
Brazilians a bit a bit disappointing
with three kicks in this game and indeed
in the whole tournament so far rather
game away
opening then Java forward it's a lovely
to the board for Talia as well he's on
his own the moment Tunisia arriving in
support and he had to shoot me
wasn't a very telling shot at all but he
broke with such speed that he almost
caught his own players by surprise as
well you can see just behind him
Caniggia the only other player had got
forward out of the picture at the moment
there he is right on the left was
Maradona but not really in a good
position to find him
George in yo Volvo George in you again
[Music]
our ticket chairs fouled in free kick to
Brazil already taken longer in
possession Wow
now the rocker planking
that's trouble for him because it's his
second
happens here to Argentina a man who
scored the goal against Romania in their
last game will not be playing in the
next round his second caution of offense
and well deserved for that foul
[Music]
so free-kick to Brazil Alomar will take
it short to morrow gal-pal back again to
alemão
the easiest job to take it off in
Martita chair tries to find him again
golly oh it's good skill by both teams
in that tight little position it's good
football this lovely to see smashing
skills and speed and under pressure
Otto gave out in possession for Brazil
it's still nil-nil here of all those
with the most dangerous player on the
field that's
get the most of the fouls Giusti was the
latest to clatter in mode on the touch
line and he'll also be the Lazer's to be
shown a yellow card and again quite
rightly
it was used a the second large intime
player booked in the space of a couple
of minutes
[Music]
Ranko with the free kick for Brazil
looking for mullah perhaps in the center
seam on the sweeper met it first though
Branko gets it back again and finds
fouled oh and what beautiful skill again
he really has looked unstoppable down
that left hand side Waldo
Boyka chair is in for another anxious
moment it's another Brazilian corner
[Applause]
and they play it short there's time to
dunk them back in it goes again
play catch air stretch there was nowhere
near it really he's claiming a foul for
the challenge by Ricardo Rock and I
think he's got it
now there again teasing little ball here
I think that was a foul
Virginia when it well alemão turning it
on
I was anxiety to win it back he cut it
into his own player anthro vo and with
15 minutes remaining of the first half
it still mil-mil but Brazil can be much
more satisfied with their contribution
to the game right from the opening
minute they took the game to Argentina
they could well have scored when Careca
found Goenka chair the argentine
goalkeeper denying him with his foot
[Music]
the car the rocket the pressure here
from Keynesian time fire fell then it's
a free kick to Brazil
other Gomez in possession its back again
from Franco
[Music]
it's a good ball Alabama
motorists run away for it
correcta was the other place
mine's when that in fact flecked I think
for offside but the referees allowed it
to go on
in Argentina in possession of it buzz
welder but a charger turning it forward
and it's a free-kick they foul who else
Maradona
take a chair took a bit of a risk then
showing the ball to donger losing the
crowd as they feel that Argentina is
just trying to slow it and keep
possession in their own half of the
field rather than trying to attack those
scoring has been a real problem of a
call for Argentina only two wins in
their last 40 games only 12 girls in
those matches and they had a spell of
eight games without even scoring
but a child doing well here though
tonight in the end by George in yo
Manteca chair with the throw for
Argentina into the final quarter an hour
of the first half it's nil nil giving
away free kick
don't get Adam out
[Music]
no gal vow
Ricardo Gomez Franco on the left here's
the danger man
although alemão they can take the ball
at any speed or hide or angle these
Brazilian players is Ricardo raka coming
forward good little ball as well and
Willer has done well to check back he's
got so Careca in the center and he
looked for him but over hit the cross as
well though for Argentina put a target
in a deep position for him and nowhere
to go either
[Music]
though to be fair Argentina played their
way out of trouble well then this is
allowed to catch a foul I don't get
margin Tina's free-kick not Brazil's as
they tried to pretend they thought it
was
a little over ten minutes of the first
half remaining can each dispossessed but
Argentina have the throw nil nil here in
Turin they're playing for the right to
meet Spain or Yugoslavia in the
quarterfinals of the World Cup
[Music]
Giusti looking for buzz Waldo school
Brazil didn't look too confident then
but they have suddenly broken with Valdo
don't gap Faldo
don't go switches play
- marrokal vowel on the left Alamo
has been a bit sloppy once or twice in
possession that a little kick on the
ankle then in his effort to win the ball
back it was his mistake though Ricardo
Gomes now out or gal Val don't get
it's a lovely little lay off by Maradona
to put a charger and that's a free-kick
they foul by dongle
[Music]
target and score the winning goal I'm
sure with all remember in the 1986 World
Cup final for Argentina against West
Germany and earning a free-kick
[Music]
Galia we'll take it looking for moms on
and a good header as well by Monza
Madoff to pass Waldo we just couldn't
get the shot in Anoka Tralfamadore
embattled Oh brakes quickly corrected to
his left mother to his right whose
control does let it down
a threatening position for a charger
Argentina have got a lot better in the
last 15 minutes or so they've come back
well it's now a more even game although
Brazil do still look the better and more
dangerous of the two sides no question
George in yo Valdo wreaking havoc
whether he goes down the left or the
right
Dunga great run by alamouti spotted him
but he didn't quite deliver it properly
brilliantly just to keep it in play
Branko katenka don't get again keeping
possession beautifully here the
Brazilians Virginia now foul though at
the heart of everything had a great run
again
and here he is once more with the ball
it seems to be attracted to him like
iron filings to a magnet don't get
this is great stuff from reserve their
supporters are really loving it
Argentina can't get the ball off them
[Music]
which we'd started counting the number
of passes in this movement
it's not actually making a lot of
progress for them but now they've got a
bit of progress or have they no the
referee is given a free-kick against
them
[Music]
I'll buy Careca
well after that early flurry by Brazil
we haven't seen too many gold bound
efforts in this match as Ruggeri breaks
dangerously forward but Brazil have it
back with Bronco
good strong run
after the left was too strong the rocket
in an unusual position for him now the
left flank 'as
the throw is it yes it's gone Brazil's
way in quickly to Valle de maio takes
over
that's Argentina's ball
[Music]
refused deep turning it rather strangely
all the way over to this near side of
the field
allarakha chair
it's a very very hot day here and the
pace has slowed a little now after the
frantic opening but here's a man who can
speed it up trolley oh there's a painful
tackle
and a the yellow card
think it might have been Ricardo raka
who is the player caution like his
challenge and indeed it's confirmed that
he becomes the third player in the game
to be shown the yellow card you can see
why
[Music]
petrol trolley Oh scored that good
headed goal against the USSR raised for
Lazio in Italy
[Music]
French referee insisting that if Flavio
needs further treatment then he better
have it off the field as that rather
dizzy camera high above the stadium
shows is a most unusual view it's a bit
more conventional and a bit more
enjoyable as well trolley on his feet
and the game will restart with a free
kick to Argentina for that foul for
which Ricardo Rocca was shown the yellow
card
Maradona with the kick
with what Mao was back there defending
and it came off his head for a corner
to take the king
they scored again ago other in the game
against Romania from a very similar
position and mum Tom's gone there again
and it was nearly repeat tomorrow Donna
reach it
yes and here now about battling for
possession
and the kik dangerously Ruggeri
Argentina's first real opportunity of
the game with just a few minutes of the
first half remaining Ricardo Rutger
complaining that he was fouled when the
cross came in marathoner has gone down
touching I think his shoulder as he fell
mouse tackle and their teammates the
course and happily
good header by Ruggeri close
so a night
hopefully not dislocated his shoulder
but he obviously came down heavily on it
that could be one of the most painful
injuries of war as Bryan Robson will
tell you strange that it was two
teammates involved in the incident as
well I think it was the fall rather than
the tackle that caused the damage to
Maradona and as you can see they've just
pulled down his shirt to reveal his
shoulder and there be very very anxious
about that and the crowd won't be at all
patient because they've already shown
that absolute dislike of the Argentine
captain nil nil the score
three minutes remaining a little less in
the first half
[Applause]
maradona to say he's alright I think it
might be an overstatement he certainly
doesn't look it and you can tell by the
way he's holding his right arm there
that that was a shoulder injury and that
could be a problem
fortunately for Argentina it's happened
very close to half time and that'll give
him the chance to have treatment in the
dressing room during the interval his
Caniggia for Argentina tackle by donger
and he's done well second challenge from
Alomar but Ralia wins it back
he's Maradona that's alright get it back
from Thalia
no free-kick given though and he gets
off on all those weaving twisting runs
you always feel that dissipation rising
in the stands
that is the start of the half of eval
dough for Brazil I'm out to get down
with beautiful era Gandhi's although
again
Tata finding mobile one
and what players seem to be involved
with the little triangular movements in
midfield for Brazil Australia brought
him down then it's Volvo who always
seems to get the ball again
into the last minute of a half nil nil
the score in Turin Brazil versus
Argentina Brazil attacking just as they
did in the opening minute of the half
and a good turn by fuller but
dispossessed Jews dangerous
was he thinking of going co-chair
couldn't believe that Giusti tried to
get the ball back to him man and Careca
was inches away from a goal that would
have been a gift frankly because Jews
day should never have attempted that
surely
caller to Brazil in the dying seconds of
the half here
and whistlers got as the free kick of
the corner kick rather was taken
quite certain what the referee gave
there but he's obviously giving a free
kick to Argentina not sure why
[Music]
the chairs bootlaces commander
Catina killing time really waiting for
the half-time whistle Nigerian
possession
[Music]
there is looked at his watch a couple of
times and eventually blows the whistle
to signal the end of an entertaining
first half in which Brazil started like
a whirlwind and had goals during
opportunities in the first 10 minutes
didn't convert any of them Argentina
have come back well but are still under
pressure here but at halftime in Turin
its Brazil mil Argentina nil there are
five key steps to tackling the
coronavirus hands elbow face distance
and feel gourmet Sevilla's mas roof over
lab has multiple frequency was honest a
bone or gel does invitation with your
elbows bent please cover your nose and
mouth if you sneeze or cough
if using tissues dispose of them
immediately Victor Ribera every Tata
cartel to Soho that is he woke up I
suppose any time can we do intend to
work party 3d the that you are your
boxing dinner Gd do you Yoker so don't
rather than actual Tonio Porsches I mean
with Charlotte you do know she okay
Peter Tork hi do something about Christy
she could be resumed on the contingent
we decide
[Music]
so Argentina in these stripes and the
white shorts get the second half
underway here in Turin nil-nil at
halftime playing for the right to win a
place in the quarterfinals of the World
Cup where the winners would meet the
winners of the match between Spain and
Yugoslavia as well though turns it in
offside against Caniggia only had a
couple of opportunities to show his pace
and skill really Claudio Caniggia but he
has both those things in abundance has
no doubt just lost concentration a bit
then
[Music]
wrong ball forward former Rouge area
cross to cover only corrector in the
middle but he finds him alemão who was
the target and he nor Careca could
pounce on the loose ball
although doing well again Franco as well
though barring his route forward
certainly of the two teams it's Brazil
who have come to do the attacking and
play the football Argentine there have
been happy to defend and try and stop
them really it's the pattern of the game
so far
here's Waldo one of the best players on
view alemão burruchaga shuts down his
Avenue that alemão keeps possession well
from Gino's cross knock behind for a
throw to Brazil they useful looking ball
in and correctors header well off target
is it happen
Recker who got both the goals in the
opening match against Sweden and was top
scorer for Brazil in the last World Cup
in 1986 Mouse cross from the right good
snap head of a worldwide
[Applause]
[Music]
quite sure what happened there as go he
could chair took the kick the referee
suddenly stopped play I think that
Maradona might have said something to
him he is known for a bit of chat during
the match and I think the referee
thought that when he kicked the ball
back to goeco chair then he kicked it a
bit too close to him so matter Don has
fallen out with another referee he's had
one caution in the World Cup so far so
another one would mean he would have to
miss Argentina's next match if they've
got one knockout stage of the World Cup
now remember no second chance if this
match is still level after 90 minutes
they go to half an hour's extra time and
then there's the possibility of
penalties to decide who goes on to the
quarterfinals have needed the penalties
as yet Seamon turns the kick forward
Russia Ruiz header
Oh Gino had to turn away from danger and
I'm out comes to help him trolley Oh
dispossesses in but at the expense of a
throw
[Music]
game hasn't really taken off yet it was
a very very good start and after 15
minutes or so it's settled into a slower
pace Argentina have come more into the
game
you get the feeling a little
go now would certainly spark things off
yes motherfucker sir
[Music]
Branka with the throw for Brazil don't
get
good pressure from Argentina forcing the
Brazilians right across their own back
far for rather Ricardo raka signing ball
though yes he's so skillful as a useful
ball in as well real danger as Monzon
headed it clear now Ricardo rocker again
still corrected and Buller forward back
to alemão good run by alemão
the spectacular challenge on him and
suddenly danger appeared from nowhere
and truly Oh brought down Madame Donner
had fallen injured from an earlier
challenge so we've got to Argentine
players and a Brazilian lying in various
corners of what looks like a battlefield
rather than a football field at the
moment and I'm not sure how the referee
is going to sort all that out
it's got a yellow Karl out
in fact he's shown it to Mauro galvo for
the challenge which led to his own
injury so it's two players I think on
either side now booked
we're Maradona broke clear whack ball
that went on and detrolio got dumped on
the ground as well
and on are still not ready to continue
[Music]
so the game will restart with a
free-kick to Argentina taken by their
captain Maradona and it clear by ricardo
gomes shop from trolley oh well off
target
[Applause]
[Music]
Valdo for Brazil finding Careca Careca
takes on moms on
the keeper misjudged him it was a
brilliant ball now
good effort against the woodwork how
unlucky KOICA chair got a finger to it
as well but and a mouse so unlucky and
so to a Brazil they could have had a go
30 seconds apart but the goalkeeper and
the woodwork have kept them at bay
stinging effort
Brazil threatening to score at any
moment here
valo next of all run on
[Applause]
and the foul off the ball I don't think
the referee has seen so commedia breaks
look at the speed of the map tremendous
challenge though
Annie July India there was no foul
you'll only get a throw-in out of it it
was a brilliant tackle by Mauro galvo
but Caniggia is the Sprinter with the
ball that is feeding even time
and that's a foul certainly
and honor up again the victim three or
four times I think now in this game four
times in fact
Bhutan's we saw another
nanus for Brazil
[Music]
twice in a few seconds stretching the
ball against the wood way
but now I did Tina waste the free-kick
get it clear look at that for a ball to
Karaka good defending though belongs on
very good defending
I'll be a corner
I want to take you quickly to George in
yoga that was a good head of clear my
Giusti probably oh just helping it back
to erotica chair and a long ball looking
again to exploit Caniggia space but
brazil confidence
indeed arrogant again at the start of
this second half just the way they
started the first this is galvo coming
forward finding Branco
well again good pressure from Argentina
forcing the Brazilians to go all the way
back to their own goal
[Music]
Yunel ten minutes gone in the second
half if any man can break the deadlock
it's the guy in possession now Volvo was
so nearly a brilliant ball looking to
set your junior clear and he got an
elbow in the face then Georgian yoke
it's gone down injured martica chair as
the player who challenged him and he's
complaining to the referee look at that
and indeed he has drawn blood as well if
he was a long way away and couldn't
really be expected to see that little
elbow
[Music]
so these two great South American rivals
as well though in possession for
Argentina burruchaga
well well-read really by marrokal vow
and a good little ball out to Branca on
the left and now Valdo good Paul Franco
again that's a good tackle though by
Boswell though although it has cost a
corner
Cabo Gomez has come forward it's
anchored the number six and another
player mister changes boots we saw him a
tadhana doing that in the first half but
play continues without a Lamar for the
moment Valdo
and the referee is whistled for a free
kick to Argentina and I'm now still off
readjusting the footwear
[Applause]
[Music]
with a charger for Argentina trolley Oh
in a lot of space in the center of the
field back to put a charger
Ricardo Gomez
when it goes to bullet
to play again by my logo Wow
Valdo couldn't control the referee
didn't
good board for collegiate no it wasn't
that good actually just hit it about a
foot too far ahead of Caniggia and that
was enough for ricardo rocket to win
back possession for brazil argentina
thinking of a substitution perhaps
meanwhile back on the field having
changed his boots is alemão this is
bronco nanum on out gets it Ricardo
Gomes
ricardo rockin
George in yo Ricardo rocker again
alemão back to the big sander half could
turn my mother again Ricardo Rocca
[Music]
donger
franco did well
good strong running ecomp as well though
in attendance and he came off the shoes
day that's a call that did well let
banker
Gazoo and that umpteenth corner will the
pressure finally pay not this time not a
Donner in a difficult position
didn't get out of it that well either
I'm out of Brazil
for junior
toss it away by Russia Lee
bubbly into play there by the Brazilians
is Volvo
no foul
and one back though by ganga tried to
find mother on the far side party
co-chair got it clear now trolley Oh
foul by alemão free-kick to Argentina
[Music]
Tom guarana is the Argentine player
waiting to come on midfield player who
played in the opening match against
Cameroon is Caniggia Madonna he studies
from LeClair whenever the little man
gets possession but he's done well this
time and look for the return ball
couldn't get it though
and they used for looking clearance
Argentine under pressure here
did he use his hand the referee says no
it came off his shoulder as well no
forward much too high for Caniggia and
it away by Mauro gal vowel probably Oh
quarter of an hour gone in the second
half and it's still nil-nil here in
Turin between Brazil and Argentina
playing for a quarterfinal place in the
1990 World Cup
it's like Ricardo
who's not down injured their target was
the Argentine player in hold
certainly a lot of pain by the looks of
it
now the brass taking the world of
opportunity too
drink some water on this scorching Neha
Bey
you sitting here watching it's very very
hard
it must be
quite a few degrees warmer than it is up
here in the stands now Ricardo Rocca got
that injury all but we on his ankle
he's okay to continue
it's Argentina in possession not for
long though donger for Brazil
he's dispossessed and put a charge it
gets the ball he's got Caniggia with him
who well tougher all made hard work of
that shop in all honesty it didn't look
as though it carried any great sting
when but a charger hit it but Taffarel
had problems dealing with it and now the
Argentine substitute called Iran will
come on to replace trolley Oh a number
21 colder on petroleum though they might
want to take the corner first now in
fact out of the picture of the moment
the substitution is being taken hold
Iran for trolley Oh call that to
Argentina
[Music]
and it goes towards mums I'm on the near
post good goalkeeping by Taffarel
had to be decisive them and so many the
defenders ahead of him and we're seeing
the shot by but a charger that led to
that corner that was on his way in took
a holiday little bounce actually just
before Taffarel went down to it and i
suspect his position would have been
right had the ball knocked bombs but it
turned out to be wrong and he did well
Branko good turn then by mother but the
ball wouldn't run kindly for him
Caniggia alemão wins it back well though
maroon corrector in the box awaiting the
cross has to play it back to Branco
Valdo again he's done well to make the
room for himself here that was so close
by George you know of all people who've
gone into a real forward position and
he's still there and gets the ball back
again
but Riley rather wasted it then trying
to be a bit too clever perhaps colder on
gets his first touch to the ball having
come on as a substitute and finds mana
Donna Maradona is dispossessed and
Brazil have got so many players forward
here now on the right cross wasn't quite
decisive enough but Brazil do have a
corner
see mom's challenge turning again to
automata but it's Russia oh you met it
first
Ricardo Gomez for Brazil help them out a
mullah turn to work
Marilia dancer that was so lucky
so should sharpness then corrected to
come and meet the ball on the near post
the ankle must have been all wrong for
him as he came to meet it if that had
found the far post it would have been
one of the best goals so far beautiful
play
20 minutes gone in the second half it
still nil-nil Brazil have had the bender
of the opportunities and certainly most
of the play and a played the better
football of the - but Argentina have
done well to hang on here
a lard tikka chair conceding another
free kick
Ricardo Gomez confirmation of the
scoreline 25 minutes remaining
Nardo Roca plays a rather sloppy ball
forward Maradona gets it back for
Argentina media tried to force it back
to his captain but Brazil in the shape
of Romero gal Val get forward again now
dongha now Valle doe pass Waldo wins it
back getting frantic in the middle of
the field Maradona brought down again by
George in yo
five fouls against the little man
amounting now to thirty three fouls
against him in the tournament so far
mana Donner as ever takes the free kick
himself
well hijiri kind of jumped a little bit
too early otherwise he might have had a
header on target then because the ball
had certainly eluded Ricardo Gomez
[Music]
don't forget for Brazil with a long ball
forward
correct
beaten bums on well and they useful
formula completely missed it
we've actually been a corner at the
Argentine and not realize that it came
off the defenders shins but it was a
complete mess kick by bullet holder on
getting forward the new substitute for
Argentina but not for long Ricardo
rocker in possession Brazil switched
from right to left
Ricardo Gomez they can all play these
defenders all quite happy to bring the
ball out from the back
quite sure what Alabama intended then
[Applause]
you see that miss kicked by moolah
moms aren't doing well a good play as
well
C Mon holder on the nija was on side
always he know the vines on as flack
actually meant five times before in the
three times I should say before in World
Cup matches Argentina and Brazil Brazil
won two of them in 1974 in 1982 the
other time in 1978 in Argentina was a
goalless draw and of course Argentina
went on to win the World Cup
C Mon doing his job as sweeper well an
article chair showing good skill on the
ball as well forward to mannered honor
to feed cold Iran but it was a bad ball
by Argentina's skipper Brazil get an
unexpected throw alemão Ricardo Rocca
this is Mauro gal vowel
[Music]
although appearing on the right now for
Brazil Jorge in yo tried to link with
him but gave it away however the referee
has whistled for a free-kick
to Brazil taken quickly forward to
mullah and Jorge in yo in support Buller
again don't get done well here don't get
and and the room for mother who was
brought down now this could be interest
no match these give it the other way
you Jerri delighted man may crowd
whistle their disapproval of the
referee's decision Luke - so Brazil
we're going to get the free kick then
Alderaan for Argentina
for tomorrow Donna that's a good reverse
Paul as well the nija was in the middle
but the cross wasn't good enough to meet
him
[Music]
full credit for Argentina they've held
on here woodwork has been hit a couple
of times by Brazil they had an
opportunity in the very first minute
which they really probably ought to have
scored from they've had most of the
attacking play but it's still nil nil
they've given the ball away Brazil so
too is Caniggia don't get
our galva IL the sweeper in a much more
advanced position now is Argentina doing
all the defending Dunga playing a useful
looking ball forward will gets on the
end of it turn once too often
that's a free-kick
to Argentina a foul by Franco
the referee or stoplight
it's foul though down injured
interesting to see the owl count in this
match very very even indeed 20 against
Brazil 19 against Argentina
warming up one of the substitutes now I
think that might be as a precaution
because of the injury to Volvo C last
the midfield player is got his tracksuit
off he could be coming on anyway
sometimes the coaches do that as a
little psychological ploy to put
pressure on the players on the field to
know that somebody might be getting
yanked off
so approaching half an hour stage in the
second half and still no goals here in
turin between Brazil and Argentina can
eat your offside remember if it's still
nil nil at 90 minutes the teams would
play an extra half an hour and if there
was still no positive outcome then we
would go to penalties Ricardo Gomes for
Brazil foul though Franco playing it
forward again to Ricardo got as he was
surely brought down and a crack in the
face as well from C Mon who doesn't
agree with the referee's decision
judging by that gesture Argentina have
got a few fans here but while they
outnumbered by the noisy Brazilians and
I think C Mon can have no complaints
about that judgement almost a rabbit
punch on the Brazilian skipper
although the number eight comes to join
the other players awaiting the free kick
which Branco will take
what a strange and wasteful free-kick
the Brazilians have been a major
disappointment so far with their free
kicks
we renowned for those over the years of
course and they've curls and bent and
tracked them in from all angles never
looked remotely dangerous as yet here's
dumb get and that's a good-looking ball
towards Muller on the far post but I use
his arms to climb in any case it's gone
behind Argentina's ball
it's been a good rather than a brilliant
game the football has been admirable but
it's lacked a little bit of gold mouth
excitement I think really too on the
evidence of this pretty evenly matched
teams although Brazil still do look the
team more likely to win but the guys
like Maradona around Argentina are
always dangerous and said that even
wasteful he runs the ball straight out
of play throw in to Brazil Diego is not
that one of his better days
we talked about these statistics for
free kicks against Mallard enric is also
a family crossed the ball more often
than any other player in the World Cup
quite how they calculate that I'm not
sure 22 crosses he made before today's
match but more interestingly I think is
the fact that in the three previous
games and certainly as far as I can
remember in today's match he hasn't had
a single shot on target Maradona
[Music]
coming up to half an hour gone that ball
played forward by Ricardo rocket of Aldo
throw it into Brazil
the Brazilian drumbeat sounding around
the stadium as well though gets
possession again but the cross block
once bore Argentina have defended very
well here it's not been that pretty to
watch but they've done it very
effectively and they're into the final
quarter of an hour without conceding a
goal despite all the Brazilian
possession Jorge Inyo gets himself into
a little bit of trouble and gets out of
it again Valdez offside
[Applause]
right Brazilian
sweeping around the stadium they know
that their team has been on top for most
of this game without converting that
kind of superiority into a single goal
[Applause]
an optical chair takes the throne finds
maradona fowl throw the biological chair
you certainly don't need to do that
against the Brazilians difficulty enough
to get the ball often in the first place
don't go it's even the outside of his
foot lovely skill to Ricardo Gomez
Auto gal Val
tense period of the game race for Brazil
they know that one slip and Argentina
are very dangerous on the counter-attack
move Pacey players like Caniggia so they
can't take risks but they've done all
the pressing in this game it was a great
round buddies who's going to be
disappointed
the linesman's already flag
[Music]
and any consolation certainly didn't
observe the whole ball was over-the-line
but it's at least a Brazilian throw turn
back to Branco dispossessed by Zeus T
now colder on now Maradona not a good
ball won back by Ricardo rocket foul
though suddenly the pace picks up and
Volvo is sent spinning it's a free kick
to Brazil
[Music]
and as we've been saying Argentina have
found out to their delight the
Brazilians have looked at that dangerous
as yet from free-kicks
Rinku perhaps thinking of lining up a
shot although it's an awfully long way
out as you can see he's examining all
the angles like a golfer about to drive
drive he has
I found the green with that whatever
happened to those famous Brazilian
benders
[Applause]
well those little header looking for
correct met first my mom's on dongho
gets it back to Careca and alemão inside
the penalty area for him across to deep
though I think a chair alemão wins it
back and wins it back brilliantly little
spot away to a good position it wasn't a
good war by alemão he done so well to
win it back and mother just dropped off
his defender to make room and alemão
played it straight at the defender the
good ball Lanham bullet would have been
in a really dangerous position but he
has put a charger for Argentina Caniggia
they're not contagious sorry colder on
hold it on again but a chargon and he
has canoed you within the back to Culver
on good tackle brilliant tackle
cries from the Argentine supporters for
the penalty no question Ricardo Gomez
delivered the perfectly clean tackle
alemão gets it forward suddenly Brazil
counter-attack the free-kick has been
given I think
and see that challenge again baby carbo
gomez nothing wrong with that for my
money won the ball and won it cleanly
the referee agrees
and it on that for Argentina
good run by Maradona and still he goes
on and Caniggia and can Egypt at Sky
Argentina
[Applause]
against all the odds chef Ferran is beat
and the double act of Maradona and
Caniggia could've given the world
champions a place in the quarter-final
[Applause]
Caniggia rounded Taffarel and the net
yarn inviting me but a brilliant run by
Maradona to set him up
Caniggia gets his second dawn of the
tournament and Brazil a rock
for all their attacking play for all
their near-misses Brazil find themselves
a go behind and not much time to recover
either Caniggia scoring with just 10
minutes of the match remaining and
Maradona who has been so quiet started
the move brilliantly from the halfway
line incredible and they won a free kick
as well colder on doing well down that
left hand side well the odds against
Argentina getting in front having soaked
up so much pressure well long indeed
now Brazil
must make a substitution I guess they've
got to try and change things quickly
Renato
where's warming up I think see lasses
down there on the touchdown as well yes
he is the number Ten's are they gonna
make a double substitution here with
only 10 minutes remaining it's
desperation time for Brazil and the
three times World Cup winners and one of
the pre competition favorites are in
danger of going out here against the
reigning world champions Argentina who
haven't really looked impressive once
yet in this tournament but most
importantly have got the art of not
conceding goals and off they go again
here can this be a second that's got a
bit of cooking at least and it could be
worse it is worse the Brazilian captain
is sent off for a deliberate foul on
buzz Waldo
[Music]
he had already got himself in trouble
earlier in the game they've not actually
shown a yellow car but the referee
deciding that that challenge for a
deliberate foul on a player who was on
his way to go deserved ascending off and
I wonder if Brazil's World Cup is now
collapsing around there is Ricardo Gomes
sent off and I think quite rightly
because buzz Waldo was bearing down on
goal and Argentina believe now that they
could have won this
it's a great run by Boswell though
time ticking away now for Argentina and
more importantly for Brazil and I think
they made a substitution as well
alemão has gone off and the renato has
come on
so a free-kick
for Maradona to try and create further
pressure on the Brazilians to good angle
this as well
[Applause]
maradona we'll take it magic could save
by Taffarel Mara ganas first shot on
target in the World Cup and it could
well have produced a goal he applauds
the save by Terrell
margin Tina's captain
has turned the game in their favor
he gets the ball back now from cold Iran
and another corner
I've done it again Argentina will take
the time colder on keeping an inflated e
know it just squirmed over the line
throw into Brazil they're anxious now
everything will be done in a hurry see
less with the throat
long kick aimed at Careca Renato the
substitute couldn't get there suddenly
see last forced it through Argentina
slam the door
Vanita
you're not chasing a game and keeping it
in play still a substitute keeping
possession but now it's got over the
line for a goal kick
and a few more vital seconds one back by
Argentina well there will be tears in
Turin if Brazil lose this one
and incredibly the world champions are a
goal in front here in a game in which
they've had to defend for most of the
time four minutes to go a yellow card
for Boca chair for wasting time
presumably well I tell you what he's got
to go easy now because having lost from
pedo with a broken leg Boyka chair was
to get himself in trouble again imagine
Tina would be in deep trouble they'd
have to have their third choice
goalkeeper at the ready
but Argentina one in front and Maradona
tried to repeat the trick back to
Caniggia and he just got around him
which shout for a penalty from the
Argentine commentator next of a but not
given and quite rightly so time all
against Brazil now and the most
successful team in World Cup history the
only team in World Cup history that's
taken part in every one of the 14 finals
look as though they could be going out
at the first stage of the knockout
competition they got through against
Sweden and Costa Rica and Scotland now
it looks as though they could be on
their way home but wait what are this
[Applause]
a terrible mess
well that was a golden opportunity to
snatch things back and he knows it
[Applause]
it looks as though it might not be
Brazilians day and after a Miss like
that having hit the woodwork twice
sometimes it's written in the stars and
it looks as though the stars are going
to decree that it's going to be
Argentina's day and here goes matter
that I brought down by Branco mad Alana
will stay down and get a bit more time
[Music]
she was arguing with the referee about
the validity of the challenge and I
think trying to get to Franco booked it
was the first foul by Georgie no and
that was a horror total frustration
here's Caniggia the goalscorer most
important goal of his career no question
and a good little poll in to put a
charger as well well he had two players
well placed in the middle I put a target
I couldn't find them and went into the
last minute
[Applause]
in brazil her gold down renato heads it
on free-kick is given against in though
for backing into the fender the referee
has already had a look at his watch
there's a bit of time to be added but i
fear as far as our only in brazil a
concern not enough argentina have got
themselves off the hook again it would
appear
boo Gerry will take his time with the
free cake alone referees and tapping his
watch and saying get on with it they
need you that's a brilliant header by
Caniggia
now Maradona oh that's another foul no
it's not the referee a set play on this
time
C Mon getting it clear
Brazil must have felt they've done
enough in this game to at least minute
half an hour's extra time as Volvo plays
it forward looking for Muller Boucherie
gets it clear again referee looks at his
watch once more
Franco getting it for with this could be
Brazil's last attack margin time player
lies injured as bulla gets possession
- visioning
and the free-kick has gone against the
Brazilian
still as an argent time player injured
could be seen long as it was
in fact it's a lot to kick chariot I
think it is yes
cramp
but it'll disappear when he hears the
final whistle Caniggia getting forward
what a star he's proved to be with those
two vital goals against the Soviet Union
and now here against Brazil and now
suddenly Maradona back on the scene and
cold Iran is in a good position here and
the referees have a long look at that
challenge and there was a moment's
excitement I think when the margin time
players fought they might have got a
penalty but in fact that the free-kick
has gone against cold Iran which is a
strange decision
we're well into time being added French
referee looks again at his watch Brazil
could be seconds away from ending their
involvement in the 1990 World Cup former
clients hi back it comes to Ganga back
in again towards fuller now well though
in towards Careca still danger twins
Argentina the world champions are
through to the quarter-final Brazil one
of the pre-tournament favourites are
beaten villager in tears all around the
stadium as the Brazilians would see
their heroes knocked out of the 1990
World Cup
delight for Argentina against the arts
and against the runner play they have
beaten Brazil by one goal to nil and
will now play Spain or Yugoslavia in
Florence in the quarter-final
[Applause]
[Music]
crazy
[Applause]
[Music]